While defining the portfolio return i run into the problem that i can not assume return of individual stocks and the portfolio both follow log normal.
I proceeded with the assumption that the return of the portfolio would follow log normal.
I did not want to spend much time on this because objective of the project was to study and model volatility dynamics of real world porfolio.

I observed the log return distribution of the securities are left skewed. it could be due to the fact |log(a)| < |log(1+a)| for 0<a<1





Things to do in time left:
Compare continuously rebalanced porfolio with buy and hold portfolio.
Observe if in the stressed event the correlation between the component stocks change

Refinements to be done:
Refinement Proposed: currently the GARCH method uses the mean return observed from the train set. it should better start taking into account every obervation
before the test observation to estimate that mean.
Resolution: This doesn't matter, because we only have training observations as information, rest is only 

To Be Done:
Extract the non-exploratory steps from 02_GARCH.ipynb save that in separate garch.py code under src folder.
Number the code files in src folder.



Hi! I am uploading one of my project structure (the image, you should first read the image) and it's file. the thing is the project soon become un-managable for me because of the length of the notebooks and code files. I emphasize "soon", that is to say it was not any big project. I want you to tell if it could have been done better? Few insights of the project, it's just for you make sense of the project structure.

Stochastic Modelling of Portfolio Returns under Volatility Dynamics • Modelled portfolio returns using Student-t GARCH and Heston stochastic-volatility models. • Simulated Monte Carlo paths to generate Value-at-Risk and Expected Shortfall forecasts, capturing volatility clustering and heavy-tailed portfolio drawdowns. • Backtested VaR achieving 5.39% 1-day violations for 95% Heston and 1.39% for 99% GARCH and evaluated model tail-loss underestimation by comparing forecast ES against realized losses (1.88% vs. 2.02% at 95%).

Please let me know



what mistakes i have done that it become un-managable for me, or is it always like that and i am overthinking.

How should i improve this habit going forward?

Given a project IS un-managable, how should one go about that.

Uploading the project structure and component files 

